Here are the key points of this module.
Project work management.
We learned that 62% is the industry-wide success rate of projects
and that's barely two-thirds of all projects.
Good,
quality project work management will help you better succeed
at running and completing your projects.
The Project Management Office (PMO),
we explored why it is important to have a PMO to help manage project
demand and execute projects following standards and metrics and
provides a necessary reporting and communication.
We defined a project.
It is a temporary group activity designed to produce a unique product,
service or result and that has the purpose of the project construct is to
focus resources and provide visibility to management.
We talked about the role of the project manager,
which is essential to ensure the project gets done professionally and
that they have the responsibility of the initiation,
planning, execution, performance, monitoring and closure of a project.
We talked about traditional project management which
has five major process groups.
Conception and initiation, planning execution,
performance and monitoring and lastly, closure.
We talked about Agile project management which is based on key Agile
principles and practices for delivering software,
one of which would be that the highest priority is to
satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery
of valuable that is usable software.
And Agile Acrum process groups.
We learned there are four Agile process groups.
They are projects, releases, iterations and daily work.
And then at the end we mapped Agile onto traditional.
This helped us better understand the relationship between traditional
project management and Agile project management.
Now in the next module, we'll build our initiative management processes. See you there!